Add explanation for Windows incompatibility in installation docs (#605)
ivadomed/ivadomed: docs/source/installation.rst

Installation
============

> Supported OS:
> -------------

Reviewer: for consistency with other headings
```suggestion
Supported OS
------------
```

> Currently, we only support ``MacOS`` and ``Linux`` operating systems. You can try installing
> on ``Windows``, but we cannot guarantee success. We would like to add support for ``Windows``
> in the future though.

Reviewer: More positive note:
```suggestion
Currently, we only support ``MacOS`` and ``Linux`` operating systems. ``Windows`` users have the possibility to install and use ``ivadomed`` using `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/>`_.
```
